README.md, before:

### Hola <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">,

### I'm a Anxious web development developer working with Laravel and Node js & UI development as well :star_struck:

---

### <section style="text-align:center"> Reach me out! </section>

<!-- [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@sureshg06430824-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/sureshg06430824)](https://twitter.com/sureshg06430824)  -->

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suresh_krishna-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suresh-krishna-939204115/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@king_of_happieness-e84393?style=flat&labelColor=e84393&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/king_of_happieness/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suresh_babu_G-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:surya2krishna95@gmail.com)

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working in Globussoft Technologies
- 🌱 I’m currently teaching NODE, JS, SCSS, Web-Design, Advanced technical stuffs, list will be added soon
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on Open source projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with Docker and Kubernetes
- 💬 Ask me about any technical related stuff - Precious list will be added soon
- 📫 How to reach me: Mail: surya2krishna95@gmail.com , fb: Suresh krishna ph: +91 9666416808
- ⚡ Fun fact: People think I waste time on YouTube or Games, actually I search things and make task list in a SS format for my Free Time.

---

#### Top Technologies

<!-- TODO: Make technologies links takes you to repositories -->

[![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-3C873A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=node.js&logoColor=3C873A)](#) [![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-F0DB4F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=javascript&logoColor=F0DB4F)](#) [![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DBFB?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=react&logoColor=61DBFB)](#) [![Typescript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=typescript&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Laravel Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=laravel&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SCSS-292EEF?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=css3&logoColor=292EEF)](#) [![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SCSS-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=html5&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![Git Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=git&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![Docker Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=docker&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Mongo Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mongo-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=mongoDb&logoColor=green)](#) [![MySql Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=white&logo=mysql&logoColor=green)](#)

---

### Tutorial :arrows_counterclockwise: Teaching Repositories

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][vscoderepo]

[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][jsrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][htmlrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />][sassrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />][noderepo]

<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />

<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />

[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />][gitrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="React" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />][reactrepo]

<br />
<br />
<br />
<div style="text-align:center;color:green;text-transform:uppercase"> Few more will be added soon ... </div>

---

<!--  NOTE: Too less visitors so Not enabled
#### Profile Visits

## ![visitors](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=SURESH-BABU-G.SURESH-BABU-G) -->

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SURESH-BABU-G&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&bg_color=45,d16ba5,ef7b94,ff9486,ffb17f,ffd085,f9dd83,efea85,e1f88c,d0f97e,bbf971,a2fa67,82fb5f&text_color=070700&icon_color=C33184&title_color=270293&hide_border=true" alt="Suresh Babu G's GitHub Stats" />

<br />
<br />
<details>
<summary>
  More Details  :arrows_counterclockwise:  Interesting facts about me
</summary>

<br >

I 've completed B.tech in CSE department, Coding is well known from the 1st year of B.tech

```
Learnt about CSS, HTML, JS, JQuery, DB of MySql, data structures, Java etc...
```

WorkShops

```
Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Microsoft Azure
```

---

#### Developer journey:

I joined based on C & Java, But designation as Trainer for PHP and NODE js. After a month train of PHP, I shifted for NODE JS due to the requirement, I had the best Trainer and well knowledged person as TL,

```
I worked ~6 Months under him as a fresher ( I worked in running project -Socioboard 4.0 )
```

In that less span of time I learnt a lot that I crossed the knowledge level of most other members of same domain

```
Then after ~3 months my TL left and I become TL and one man developer for my Project
```

and there after also I never stopped learning new things on Own.

```
Daily at least 1hr - evening or morning I used to learn things, Till today I never asked a single doubt from any member in my company
```

```
My Goal is, Explain To some one not to ask from some one
```

<!--  All the Links will be declared after this -->

<!-- Learning Repositories  TODO: Have to update the proper links -->

[reactrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[vscoderepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[htmlrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[jsrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[sassrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[noderepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[gitrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started

Commit message:

[x] Added diff to the sections

README.md, after:

### Hola <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">,

### I'm a Anxious web development developer working with Laravel and Node js & UI development as well :star_struck:

---

### <section style="text-align:center"> Reach me out! </section>

<!-- [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@sureshg06430824-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/sureshg06430824)](https://twitter.com/sureshg06430824)  -->

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suresh_krishna-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/suresh-krishna-939204115/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@king_of_happieness-e84393?style=flat&labelColor=e84393&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/king_of_happieness/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Suresh_babu_G-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:surya2krishna95@gmail.com)

---

- 🔭 I’m currently working in Globussoft Technologies
- 🌱 I’m currently teaching NODE, JS, SCSS, Web-Design, Advanced technical stuffs, list will be added soon
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on Open source projects
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with Docker and Kubernetes
- 💬 Ask me about any technical related stuff - Precious list will be added soon
- 📫 How to reach me: Mail: surya2krishna95@gmail.com , fb: Suresh krishna ph: +91 9666416808
- ⚡ Fun fact: People think I waste time on YouTube or Games, actually I search things and make task list in a SS format for my Free Time.

---

#### Top Technologies

<!-- TODO: Make technologies links takes you to repositories -->

[![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-3C873A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=node.js&logoColor=3C873A)](#) [![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-F0DB4F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=javascript&logoColor=F0DB4F)](#) [![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DBFB?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=react&logoColor=61DBFB)](#) [![Typescript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=typescript&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Laravel Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Laravel-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=laravel&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SCSS-292EEF?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=css3&logoColor=292EEF)](#) [![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SCSS-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=html5&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![Git Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=git&logoColor=EF6B29)](#) [![Docker Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=docker&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Mongo Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mongo-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=mongoDb&logoColor=green)](#) [![MySql Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-EF6B29?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=white&logo=mysql&logoColor=green)](#)

---

### Tutorial :arrows_counterclockwise: Teaching Repositories

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][vscoderepo]

[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][jsrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][htmlrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />][sassrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />][noderepo]

<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />

<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />

[<img align="left" alt="Git" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />][gitrepo]

[<img align="left" alt="React" width="40px" style="padding-left:20px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />][reactrepo]

<br />
<br />
<br />
<div style="text-align:center;color:green;text-transform:uppercase" class="testHtml"> Few more will be added soon ... </div>

---

<!--  NOTE: Too less visitors so Not enabled
#### Profile Visits

## ![visitors](https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=SURESH-BABU-G.SURESH-BABU-G) -->

<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SURESH-BABU-G&show_icons=true&theme=algolia&bg_color=45,d16ba5,ef7b94,ff9486,ffb17f,ffd085,f9dd83,efea85,e1f88c,d0f97e,bbf971,a2fa67,82fb5f&text_color=070700&icon_color=C33184&title_color=270293&hide_border=true" alt="Suresh Babu G's GitHub Stats" />

<br />
<br />
<details>
<summary>
  More Details  :arrows_counterclockwise:  Interesting facts about me
</summary>

<br >

I 've completed B.tech in CSE department, Coding is well known from the 1st year of B.tech

```diff
+ Learnt about CSS, HTML, JS, JQuery, DB of MySql, data structures, Java etc...
```

WorkShops

```diff
# Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Microsoft Azure
```

---

#### Developer journey:

I joined based on C & Java, But designation as Trainer for PHP and NODE js. After a month train of PHP, I shifted for NODE JS due to the requirement, I had the best Trainer and well knowledged person as TL,

```diff
+ I worked ~6 Months under him as a fresher ( I worked in running project -Socioboard 4.0 )
```

In that less span of time I learnt a lot that I crossed the knowledge level of most other members of same domain

```diff
+ Then after ~3 months my TL left and I become TL and one man developer for my Project
```

and there after also I never stopped learning new things on Own.

```diff
! Daily at least 1hr - evening or morning I used to learn things, Till today I never asked a single doubt from any member in my company
```

```diff
- My Goal is, Explain To some one not to ask from some one
```

<!--  All the Links will be declared after this -->

<!-- Learning Repositories  TODO: Have to update the proper links -->

[reactrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[vscoderepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[htmlrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[jsrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[sassrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[noderepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
[gitrepo]: https://github.com/SURESH-BABU-G/Getting-Started
